Set speakers can submit to true as the default (#6025)
indico/indico: CHANGES.rst

  :user:`kewisch`)
- Allow editors to edit their review comments on editables (:pr:`6008`)
- Auto-linking of patterns in minutes (e.g. issue trackers, Github repos...) (:pr:`5998`)

> - New events subcontribution setting of speakers can submit set as true as a default

Reviewer: This is clearer:

```suggestion
- Grant subcontribution speakers submission privileges by default in newly created events
```

>   (:pr:`6025`, :issue:`5905`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (:issue:`5905`, :pr:`6025`)
```

more consistent with the rest ;)
